docs(gpu): revamp requirements sections (#2840)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/how-to/create-manage-gpu-instance.mdx

Once you've created your GPU Instance, [connecting to it via SSH](/compute/instances/how-to/connect-to-instance) allows you to use our [pre-configured Docker images](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker), providing instant access to a [preinstalled environment](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-preinstalled-env) with your preferred AI libraries and tools already set up.

Moreover, GPU Instances offer all the functionalities of our standard Instances, including [flexible IPs](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/), [Security Groups](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/), [Private Networks](/compute/instances/how-to/use-private-networks/), backups, and more.

When you have completed your calculations using the GPU Instance, [deletion can be done through the Scaleway console](/compute/instances/how-to/delete-instance/), API or our CLI-tools.

## Requirements

- Be the [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) of the Organization in which the actions will be performed, or an IAM user with the [necessary permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission)
- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - An [SSH key](/console/project/how-to/create-ssh-key/) added to your account

Author: ```suggestion
- An [SSH key](/identity-and-access-management/organizations-and-projects/how-to/create-ssh-key/) added to your account
```
